# OrangeHRM Application LogIn Page LogIn Panel WebElement Locator is ID
 #    Key = value(property of the WebElement)
logInPageLogInPanelProperty=logInPanelHeading

# OrangeHRM Application LogIn Page UserName WebElement Locator is ID
logInPageUserNameProperty=txtUsername

# OrangeHRM Application LogIn Page Password WebElement Locator is name
logInPagepasswordProperty=txtPassword

# OrangeHRM Application LogIn Page Login WebElement Locator is id
logInPageLogInButtonProperty=btnLogin

# OrangeHRM Application HomePage Page WelComeAdmin WebElement Locator is partialLinkText
orangeHRMApplicationHomePageWelComeAdminProperty=Welcome

# OrangeHRM Application HomePage Page LogOut WebElement Locator is LinkText
homePagelogOutProperty=Logout

#OrangeHRM application login page invalid credentials web element locator is xpath
loginpage_InvalidCredentials_Property=/html/body/div[1]/div/div[2]/form/div[5]/span 

# OrangeHRNM application HomePage PIM WebElement locator is linkText
homePagepimProperty=PIM

# OrangeHRM application HomePage Add Employee WebElement locator is linkText
homePageAddEmployeeProperty=Add Employee

# OrangeHRM application Add employee page Add Employee WebElement locator is xpath
text_addEmployeeProperty=/html/body/div[1]/div[3]/div/div[1]/h1

# OrangeHRM application Add employee page First Name WebElement locator is id
add_EmployeefirstNameProperty=firstName

# OrangeHRM application Add employee page Middle Name WebElement locator is id
add_EmployeemiddleNameProperty=middleName

# OrangeHRM application Add employee page Last Name WebElement locator is id
add_EmployeelastNameProperty=lastName

# OrangeHRM application Add employee page Employee Id WebElement locator is id
empId_AddEmployeeProperty=employeeId

# OrangeHRM application Add employee page Save WebElement locator is id
add_Employee_saveButtonProperty=btnSave

# OrangeHRM application Personal Details page Personal Details WebElement locator is xpath
personaldetailsPageTextproperty=/html/body/div[1]/div[3]/div/div[2]/div[1]/h1

# OrangeHRM application Personal Details page First Name WebElement locator is id
personal_Details_fistnameTextProperty=personal_txtEmpFirstName

# OrangeHRM application Personal Details page Middle Name WebElement locator is id
personal_Details_middlenameTextProperty=personal_txtEmpMiddleName

# OrangeHRM application Personal Details page Last Name WebElement locator is id
personal_Details_lastnameTextProperty=personal_txtEmpLastName

# OrangeHRM application Personal Details page Employee Id WebElement locator is id
personal_Details_employeeidProperty=personal_txtEmployeeId

# OrangeHRM application Employee List page Employee Information WebElement locator is xpath
employeelistPagetextProperty=/html/body/div[1]/div[3]/div[1]/div[1]/h1

# OrangeHRM application Homepage Employee List  webElement locator is id
employeeListElementProperty=menu_pim_viewEmployeeList

# OrangeHRM application Employee List page Employee Information Block  locator is xpath
employeeTableListBlockProperty=/html/body/div[1]/div[3]/div[2]/div/form

# OrangeHRM application Employee List page Employee list rows  locator is tagname
employeelistsPageRowsProperty=tr

# OrangeHRM application Employee List page Employee list RowofCells  locator is tagname
employeeListPageCellsProperty=td

